Docs: adds v23 Console changelog and upgrade guides (#943)
pomerium/documentation: content/docs/deploy/enterprise/changelog.mdx

# Changelog

## 0.23.0

### New

> - [Set Request Headers](/docs/reference/routes/headers#set-request-headers) has a new token substitution value that sends the client certificate fingerprint (downstream mTLS must be enabled) to the upstream application or service.

Reviewer: We should probably mention the ID token and access token substitutions here as well.

Reviewer 2: It looks like we started co-mingling upgrade notes and new functionality around v0.17. Traditionally, upgrade guide should _just_ be what the user needs to know before they upgrade, and any steps they need to take. I think we should get back to that and leave text like this in the announcement. We can link to the announcement posts here however which might be nice.

> - [Access Log Fields](/docs/reference/access-log-fields) and [Authorize Log Fields](/docs/reference/authorize-log-fields) settings make it easier for you to review HTTP request logs from the Proxy and Authorize services.

Reviewer: These settings let you customize the existing logs... maybe we could tweak this description a little to clarify that?

```suggestion
- [Access Log Fields](/docs/reference/access-log-fields) and [Authorize Log Fields](/docs/reference/authorize-log-fields) settings allow you to customize the values that are logged in the access and authorize logs.
```
